Create lwm2m-agent-1020-440-43-lwm-2-m-realtime-subscription-improvement.md (#3505)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-1020-440-43-lwm-2-m-realtime-subscription-improvement.md

---
date: ""

> title: LWM2M realtime subscription improvement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M real-time subscription improvement
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4829
version: 1020.440.43
---

> Fixed a rare issue that could lead to incomplete real-time subscriptions and exceptions in the agent logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that could rarely lead to incomplete real-time subscriptions and exceptions in the LWM2M agent logs.
```

> Fixed a rare problem that could lead to incomplete realtime subscriptions and exceptions in the agent logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a rare problem that could lead to incomplete real-time subscriptions and exceptions in the agent logs.
```

> Fixed a rare problem that could lead to incomplete real-time subscriptions and exceptions in the agent logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a rare issue that could lead to incomplete real-time subscriptions and exceptions in the agent logs.
```
